Tour & Travel
============


A beta php framework under developement with a foucus of using minimum file to build wesites and web apps..  

This is for educational purpose not for sale. You can clone/download the copy for development.


Directory Structure:
1. assets folder: you can put your css and js file here and link them in html using asset(); function
e.g
```php
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="<?= asset('animate.min.css'); ?>">
    <script src="<?= asset('jquery-1.11.1.min.js'); ?>"></script>
```
2. config folder : Contains database interaction file and connection files and other helper files.
3. controller: Contains all controller files which are corresponding for each html code file.
4. include: Contains file which are used at more then one page.
5. layouts: Here main layout file resides. layout file is used to render other view files.
6. routes:  Contains Routes.php file where we define all routes, view and controllers to use.
7. storage: Contians files which are generated by code e.g logs and other files.  
8. views:   All the html containing file are put under this folder.

The whole process is handeled by index.php. Any request generated by project goes through this file.


## Example Usage
Here are steps to use the framework.
1. Define Database credential in env.php file.
```php
    define('SERVERNAME','servername');
    define('USERNAME','username');
    define('PASSWORD','password');
    define('DBNAME','db_name');
```
2. routes/Routes.php File.
    Define all route names, view and  controller files.
    e.g: 
```php
    $routes = [
        'home'=>  ['view' => 'home' , 'controller' => 'homeController'],
        ...
        ...
    ];
```    

Here 
1. 'home' is route name, 
2. 'view' => 'home' is file contains html under views/home.php
3. 'controller' => 'homeController' is file for php code under controllers/homeController.php

